Folder Support (#318)
sous-chefs/chef-grafana: documentation/grafana_folder.md

[back to resource list](https://github.com/sous-chefs/grafana#resources)

---

# grafana_folder

> This resource will allow you to create global folder within Grafana. This resource is minimally viable and only supports the addition of global non-admin users. Contribution to the functionality would be appreciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource will allow you to create a global folder within Grafana. This resource is minimally viable and only supports the addition of global non-admin users. Contribution to the functionality would be appreciated.
```

## Actions

- `:create`
- `:update`
- `:delete`

## Properties

| Name                  | Type        |  Default      | Description                                               | Allowed Values
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| `host`                |  String     | `localhost`   | The host grafana is running on|
| `port`                |  Integer    | `3000`        | The port grafana is running on|
| `admin_user`          |  String     | `admin`       | A grafana user with admin privileges|
| `admin_password`      |  String     | `admin`       | The grafana user's password|
| `auth_proxy_header`   | String      | nil           | The HTTP authentication header used when `auth.proxy.enabled=true`. See [grafana_config_auth:proxy_header_name](grafana_config_auth.md)|
| `folder`              |  Hash       |               | A Hash of the values to create the folder. Examples below.|

## Examples

Assuming you would like to create a new folder...

```ruby
grafana_folder 'grafana' do
  folder(
    title: 'grafana'
  )
  action :create
end
```

> Folder's title property is not mandatory. Defaultsto resource name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Folder's title property is not mandatory. Defaults to resource name.
```
